// Name: Muhammad Ibrahi Muhammad Yusoof
// Email: imuhammad-yusoof@myseneca.ca
// SEQ: 164366189
// Date: September 27 2020
//

Upon completing this assignment, I was able to have a better understanding of the lecture material, and how it is relevent to 
my understanding of programming. Since scopes seemed to be an easy concept, I had thought linkage would be just as easy however, 
trying to link the ::g_sysClock variable between modules felt impossible, I even thought it was unnecesssary and redundant to do so. 
Later I learned that I needed to declare it in both the implementation and header file. The difference between external and internal 
linkage made much sense after having learned it. External linkage is the link between multiple modules, sharing the same data, such as the 
::g_sysClock. This variable shared the same data between both modules synchronously. However an internal linakge only shares the same data 
within the same module, such as the the Event currentEvent. It shares data within the same module, within the same scope.


Learning about static variables, I was instantly relieved this conecpt was real, I had previously thought inorder to share the 
same infromation between all classes would require extra functions/variables. However learning about static variables,
I was able to find a perfect fit within my program. Being able to use a static variable in a function, to increment for each row that had been 
displayed made it so that I didn't have to store the same infromationin different places.


I started off my program with making my description dynamically allocated so that I could practice maintaining a mindset where I'm constantly aware of
memory leaks. As a result I didn't necessarily need to upgrade my program. I ran into problems because I didn't have a good understanding of 
the archive feature, I had thought it was a simple copy, and that I didn't require a copy constructor, however later on using valgrind,
I realized I did. Then having written the copy constructor, I also realized I needed an assignment operator. The main problem I ran into 
with my dynamic Allocation was that I had misunderstood the archive function.


